okay welcome everyone it's really nice
to see you look at all your faces their
inboxes
it's the Jay escort dev team weekly sync
it's the 11th of February 2019
if you are here can you please put your
name on the attendees list on the
hackpad I'll just put it in the chat
again just in case anyone new arrived
since Jay could put it in there and then
we need a note-taker which is Jacob
Thank You Jacob and cool okay what do we
do now well normally we do a weekly
update and everybody tells each other
what they did last week what they're
going to do this week and what they
currently blocked on so if you haven't
already then please put your weekly
update in back pad you know where it is
just put your name and done and block
and next and we shall slowly scroll
through and talk through what we've done
what we're doing next
so right at the top it's me and so I
will start
so last week I added a LS command to the
IIM the ifs install manager tool and so
now you can just type I'm lit LS or you
can just type I am LS and it'll give you
all the versions for all of the
implementations and I but it shows you
which ones you got installed which ones
which one you're currently on which one
they're available remotely that you
don't have installed yet and where you
can specify it like a particular a
particular implementation and just see
those ones what else have I been doing
as I've been working on Eid version one
base 42 by default I've added a whole
bunch of requests there and the DHT PR
that's been merged Thank You max ago and
everyone else who worked on that it's
gone in it's there so what I did was I
did a release 0.35 it's a pre-release so
the warning there are there are dragons
and things I've noticed already the lock
file has been unable to update lock
within still threshold which is a bummer
because that actually quits your daemon
which is which is not not great hang on
a second people are messaging me as you
can have to put on do not disturb yeah
and but the other problem which I've
noticed which is actually I think the
thing that we really need to fix is the
CPU pegged at 100% and that is the
reason why it can't get to locking
updating the lock file so things are not
brilliant at the moment but they will
get better but that is something I tend
to have a look at this week and want to
test out DHT stuff before it before it
goes out
so what else yeah the IP FS HTTP client
the tests there's this one weird trick
that you can do in go ipfs if you
specified a test profile when you're
doing an IP FS in it it I don't know
exactly what it does I didn't couldn't
find any documentation on the exact
specifics of what the test profile does
yet but it made the test go
well fast they were came down from like
14 on my night book 14 minutes to 5
minutes and on CI on Mac I saw it was
like it was very similar sort of
situation so that's amazing
and basically a free upgrade of like ten
minute quicker tests which is just
unbelievable
I'm not blocked on anything next up the
while ago now the ipfs HTTP client was
renamed from ipfs api and if and the ash
has posted a nice graphic of the number
of downloads for both of these and it's
about time we looked at addressing the
people who are still using the old
renamed version because there's a
different package they said should be
moving over for all those new features
and performance stuff and
yeah that would help them to move over
so we need to tell them somehow that
they're using the old version there's
already a deprecation notice on the old
module but that's clearly not enough so
I'm going to do something about that
this week like I said before I want to
look at the HT testing and I'm hoping to
continue with the CID version 132 by
default endeavour and I've got basically
look I'm listing out the pull requests
that as I'm opening them on the issue
I've linked there that's everything that
I'm doing does anyone have any questions
quickly all right cool next up from the
list is Vasco
hi vascular would you like to give us
your update please hey everyone so as I
once told you that HTTP our was finally
ready and merged I also created three
pull requests for controlling the number
of open connections and it is also
configurable and config file of Jessup
FS basically there is just when PR there
is the main care for Jessica fest it
still needs a review and besides all
this I also started continued the work
there was they have been doing in the
past regarding the Liberty play
interrupt tests and now I am finally a
per request with interrupt test setup
and also a first set of tests for the
connect between ago and Jess Liberty
demon so for the for this week I want to
help Alan with the HT a test and also
get the danger of poor request shipped
which needs to be that one that I
previously described and the one that I
did before there is the NPM goal is to
create dependency which currently in PR
that I have only supports Linux but I
will also make the changes
before merging it to get the CIA grain
in all the environments and also create
the HT interrupt tests then I also want
to enable enable the guard gossips of
implementation the chain safe systems
guys mostly my career ever now an
initial implementation in a pro request
I want to review it this week and also
improved the documentation for jslabbee
to observe and add support in the Damon
and Damon client for web serve in order
to allow them to afterwards do the
interrupt tests for the implementation
and that's it for me any questions I
have a question about the gossip so I
don't know who changed safe systems are
they have built gossips up and up and
they are the requests so basically
change safe systems are they are using
lipid to pee and they wanted to ask us
ourselves and they are now implementing
it and we have been new talking with
them since I know maybe a month ago and
we are trying to 12 them like with
guidelines and how we want the things to
to go nice so that so that is it the
implemented implementation is basically
done is that right there is an
implementation I don't know but I want
to review it this we can give us very
exciting give initial feedback for them
yeah cool very cool
okay and awesome then you have a
question Sebastian okay we will move on
Jacob would you like to give us your
update please last week released a
hotfix for the s3 datastore to improve
some error handling around the AWS SDK
because it likes to call back multiple
times so we added once around that to
prevent it and there's also some
improvements to the sample lock file in
the examples for whoever would like to
walk there are three buckets updated
some Docs for the ager pre-release
nothing big there then mostly worked on
pull in Plex of basic benchmarks there
I've basically working in Lib p2p test
Suites so I'm just going to be working
this week on finalizing that and doing
testing up through GSI PFS to make
through make sure everything is good to
go but we did see some pretty nice
performance improvements over the
current loop e2b implementation so we'll
be working on that also be working with
Alex on a blog post from April on I P of
s and the s3 datastore so hopefully
we'll have something out in the next
week or two or something and yeah I
think that's it does anybody have
questions okay you're free to go
alright next up is Alex hi so yeah try
to help Volker get is Jericho D API
changes in trying to make NPM and ipfs
more stable so I upgraded to the latest
version of iOS ipfs and it seems like
there's a memory leak in there somewhere
because it just runs for a bit and then
falls over so the moment we're
constraining all the docker containers
so if it falls over it should then just
like come back up without wedging the
box which is what it was doing before
which was gone a tedious
so yeah I need to track down what is
causing us memory because it's kind of
the only thing that's changed is
changing the version of ipfs sure yeah
that's gonna be fun yeah did some small
releases of UNIX fests
nothing massively interesting they're so
not blocked only hang tomorrow we're
having our first package manager' weekly
sync so if anyone wants to come to that
I can stick with details somewhere for
people to see yeah I'm gonna be leaking
other package managers roadmap as well
doing that blogpost with Jacob and then
if the IP ID changes go in I'll stop
mostly PRS that allow the UNIX fest and
MF s stuff to use it and then it'll be
nice to start doing the async iterator
ports although those libraries as well
that's gonna be me any any questions
awesome thank you Alex
next up Volker he's typing is laying the
tracks as it as he goes please would you
like to give us you yeah yeah it's just
you've been with something so am I was
working on the still on the J as I feel
the API things it's close so I got I
fixed other things that anacs mentioned
now it's time to fix all the things that
Ellen mentioned and so I was so proud of
mixing promises with callbacks but Ellen
is not really a fan of this so I will
probably promise if I all the stuff yeah
but Yuri while I was doing this Alex was
pointing out that there's a problem with
using async functions within the async
waterfall stuff so it won't probably
Transpower it for browsers and while
doing this I found out that there is no
good way of running the tests against
the actual build we are doing for the
browsers so the thing that we distribute
it's not the thing we test against
there's up you are open which I just put
into my notes this was what I was typing
about and while I was doing this I found
out that there's tests in interface I
picked the score that currently don't
pass in the browser if you enable the
production bill yes so this took a lot
of time and then I do yeah so yeah and I
do some I thought this stuff that it's
not interesting from this meeting and
I'm not logged and next will be a Duke
finishing the chase I pulled this stuff
and hopefully it merge this week yeah
that's all from my side Oh any questions
Avoca nope okay cool I'm glad you've
caught some bad things that sounds
really good and slightly embarrassing
but you know okay let's move on any then
we've done questions next up we've got
saying cool so I filed a PR for the GS
ipfs repo some things no I just kind of
went at it so if there are things are
like oh what's this just let me know and
I'll dress it the other thing was that
they're like also like sort of little
dependencies in terms of tasks so like
FS datastore it relies on which the sort
of relies on data store Court but I just
kind of followed the pattern from the
news story interface so in theory words
but I haven't actually run it like
against anything that's live since week
yeah other than that next would be
addressing any sort of PR comments
probably picking up another of those
async awesome endeavors I'm happy to
also just like start chopping away at
the dependency tree to then be able to
make that work or if people have other
suggestions I think Jacob the invention
but p2p they can do that too
okay if anyone has time to have a look
at that PR then please please go for a
review and I will try and get to it if I
can this week and yeah thank you and
yeah be rad if you could just keep on
trucking and do some more okay I might
take on the FST the story saw your name
by it or if I put my name by it and I
haven't done it that yet then that's
absolutely take it okay cool I'm gonna
turn will optimist so I think I can do
things but I can't always do them okay
but I'll get there eventually but you
know um pigs back so any questions for
Zane
all right thank you saying we've reached
the end does anyone have any other
questions or comments or things they'd
like to say or would just like to say hi
all right cool thank you everyone for
attending it was very nice to see you
and I'll see you next time for another
exciting edition of the J ascore dev
weekly team sync all right bye